## Stack choices 

1. Next.js.
It seemed obvious to use this one because of the job description. However, it also seemed a decent choice for a fullstack application as it is a fullstack framework (meaning it can also handle the server side of things, which was required to make this work). The only problem would be with websockets since I plan to host the solution on Vercel (which is purely a serverless solution and doesn't offer a persistent connection that is required for the WS protocol, or at least that is how it worked the last time I checked - although it could work on serverless if I used AWS Lambda) but that's where Supabase comes in. On the other hand, I did not find a need for SSR nor Server Components for this app as it is simple enough.
2. Supabase.
Just a great tool for when you try to get something up and running quick and it works incredibly well for small projects such as this one. It handles the DB stuff (such as auth, scoreboards, lobby data) and the real time updates stuff, basically shaving off hours of API development. I usually work with just Postgres with prisma, but AI has helped immensely with the supabase integration. 
3. Tailwind - it makes development way quicker and although it gets messy at a few points as the project grows (solutions such as styled-components or even pure CSS work better as the codebases get huge), this one was unlikely to get this big (although it did get a bit hard to work with at the end). Biggest mistake -> I should've separated the theme based styling stuff and reuse it (which is also a bit difficult to do with Tailwind), it bit me in the backside at the later parts, but I did not expect it to grow this much. 
4. Zod - I believe it is a standard at this point, makes data validation enormously easier as opposed to forcing me to write millions of long validator functions (which I am unfortunate to have experience with).
5. React Form Hook - as far as I know it is the most commonly used tool for forms and although Tanstack also has some solution for this and it could be fitting since I already use the tanstack tables solution, I decided to use the tool I am significantly more familiar with. It is a good and easy to use tool. 
6. Tanstack Table - I honestly cannot imagine working with tables without it at this point, it makes things an incredible amount easier. 
7. Vitest - a standard tool that I am familiar with, nothing else to say. 
8. Zustand - I didnt get to use it, but this would be the state management tool to go with in this case. Redux would be overkill, useContext is a bit annoying to worth with but worth considering (considering the fact that it'd be one less lib used here and it'd be good to minimize those)

## Design decision choices
1. User auth (log in, register, handling user data in the db).
Initially I considered largely skipping this part, it is a bit of a hassle to handle this stuff properly considering the time constraint. I was planning to implement just joining with the username like in Haxball (which would make the scoreboards basically impossible to implement but I was also planning to skip that part) but once I noticed that the usage of AI tools isnt strictly prohibited I've decided that I can do it no problem. What helped was that I already did something similiar in Next.js so I could just copy a bunch of code and not worry about it. AI has helped with styling this part. It is pretty raw, uses simple JWT with no refresh token. I skipped a lot of validations, did not add oauth etc - there was no time, but this does it's job along with cookies to handle the token (although Supabase has some more specific user related services which I could've used instead of writing it from 0, but this is the code I could just copy-paste for the large part). Overall those are some very simple views and functionalities, could use some expanding. 
2. Wordbase - I've decided to populate the db with a bunch of english words (AI did this for me) and I made a simple API to aggregate the words and string up the sentences (which are unintelligible but they do not need to be).
3. Actual game - I've made a reusable game component so I can make a simple (not that simple actually but it was supposed to be) wrapper for the singleplayer and multiplayer part. AI has helped with the styling - it would probably take a few days to get this to look this good by hand, although the core logic was mostly written by me. Definitely the second most complicated component (or bunch of components) in this project. 
4. Unit tests - AI has helped with those, I consider testing to be a great use case for AI tools (with supervision). I went with as much tested code with as little work as possible just to support the dev process, there was no time for a complete test coverage even with AI tooling. 
5. E2E tests - I skipped those, there was no time, but it is a great way to approach the "test as much as possible with as little code as possible" goal. Definitely a good idea to go with those in startups, but a good unit test coverage is also great to have. 
6. Multiplayer part - supervised AI usage was definitely more extensive here as it is a very complicated feature that would probably take up at least a few days of non-AI-supported dev time to do correctly. It is fairly barebones and buggy, but seems to work in many cases. A lot would need to be added here, such as handling the room owner, giving him more tools to handle the players that join. Overall it kinda works sometimes at its curent state but needs work. 
7. Scoreboard - a simple functionality. I added a "ranked" option to kind of standardise the ranking system (making it so only ranked multiplayer game scores are used for the scoreboards). Honestly for it to make sense some more complex ranking system would need to be applied and I did not have the time to implement any, though I did have some ideas. 
8. Readme - admittedly AI wrote the entirety of it. 

## Should be added
1. Some way to monetize the project. Perhaps some non-invasive ads on the side of the view, perhaps some microtransactions or premium accounts (but I dont know what benefits would such accounts get).
2. User panel - allow user to reset their passwords, change their avatars etc. Generally more user management capabilities would be required. 
3. Localization - using i18n probably. Also, the wordbase should be expanded by words of different languages and users should be allowed to choose. 
4. OAuth - self-explanatory. 
